README.md, before:

This is a template. For "how to make a linter", please check [the HOWTO](HOWTO.md).

-----------------------------------------------------------------

SublimeLinter-contrib-__linter__
================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-__linter__.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-__linter__)

This linter plugin for [SublimeLinter](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter) provides an interface to [__linter__](__linter_homepage__). It will be used with files that have the “__syntax__” syntax.

## Installation
SublimeLinter must be installed in order to use this plugin. 

Please use [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io) to install the linter plugin.

Before installing this plugin, you must ensure that `__linter__` is installed on your system.

In order for `__linter__` to be executed by SublimeLinter, you must ensure that its path is available to SublimeLinter. The docs cover [troubleshooting PATH configuration](http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#finding-a-linter-executable).

## Settings
- SublimeLinter settings: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html
- Linter settings: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/linter_settings.html

Additional SublimeLinter-__linter__ settings:

|Setting|Description    |
|:------|:--------------|
|foo    |Something.     |
|bar    |Something else.|

Commit message:

Edited README and install messages

README.md, after:

SublimeLinter-contrib-ktlint
================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-ktlint.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-ktlint)

This linter plugin for [SublimeLinter](https://github.com/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter) provides an interface to [ktlint](https://github.com/shyiko/ktlint). It will be used with files that have the “Kotlin” syntax.

## Installation
SublimeLinter must be installed in order to use this plugin.

Please use [Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io) to install the linter plugin.

Before installing this plugin, you must ensure that `ktlint`'s command line interface (CLI) is installed on your system. To install `ktlint`'s CLI, follow the instructions provided by [ktlint](https://github.com/shyiko/ktlint), in the section titled `Installation`.

In order for `ktlint` to be executed by SublimeLinter, you must ensure that its path is available to SublimeLinter. The docs cover [troubleshooting PATH configuration](http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#finding-a-linter-executable).

## Settings
- SublimeLinter settings: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html
- Linter settings: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/linter_settings.html
